As I get older, I remember all of the people I lost along the way. Maybe a career as a tour guide wasn’t the right choice.
Went to the bar tonight. Good times. Only a 15-minute walk. But the walk home took 45 minutes, the difference was staggering.
I recently took a pole. And found that 100% of the people in the tent were angry when it collapsed.
Son: “Dad, can you please explain to me what a solar eclipse is?” Dad: “No sun."
Why did the man fall down the well? He couldn’t see that well.
I once submitted ten puns to a joke competition. I really thought with that many, one was sure to win. Sadly, no pun in ten did.
Where do you take someone who’s been in a peek-a-boo accident? The ICU.
Did you hear about the explosion at the cheese factory? There was nothing left but debris.
How does NASA organize a party? They planet.
Did you hear the joke about paper? Never mind, it’s tear-able.
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
What was even more useful than the first telephone? The second telephone.
I'm afraid for the calendar. Its days are numbered.
I caught my son chewing on an electrical wire. So I had to ground him.
Went to the doctor with a suspicious-looking mole. He said they all look that way and I should have left him in the garden.
Have you heard of the new sport called quiet tennis? It’s like normal tennis but without the racket.
Why did the god of thunder need to stretch his legs? He was a little Thor.
What’s the least spoken language? Sign language.
What building in your town has the most stories? The public library.
Claustrophobia is the fear of closed spaces. For example: I'm going to the beer store and I'm scared it will be closed.
If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims.
What has five toes but isn’t your foot? My foot.
What looks like half a tree? The other half.
Two guys walked into a bar... the third one ducked.
Why do dads take an extra pair of socks when they play golf? In case they get a hole in one.
What do you call a Frenchman who has been attacked by a cat? Claude.
My 6-year-old daughter has lined up all of her dolls towards the outdoor grill. Looks like she's preparing some kind of barbie queue.
How can you tell the difference between a crocodile and an alligator? Easy, one will see you later, the other will see you in a while.
Someone told me that it’s impossible to make a pun about vegetables. I said that’s not nececelery true.
My friend Jack claims he can communicate with vegetables. Jack and the beans talk!
Where do fruits go on vacation? Pear-is!
What did Baby Corn say to Mama Corn? Where's Pop Corn?
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
I tried all morning to cook up an egg-related pun, but I couldn’t crack it.
How do you make an apple turnover? Push it downhill.
What’s brown and sticky? A stick.
I used to play piano by ear. Now I use my hands.
Why did the kid bring a ladder to school? Because she wanted to go to high school.
I asked the librarian if she knew of any authors who wrote dinosaur novels. She said, “Yes, try Sarah Topps.”
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved.
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? Supplies!
Why can't a nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
I was addicted to the Hokey Pokey.... but I turned myself around.
Why couldn’t the pony sing a lullaby? Because she was a little horse.
What do you say when a chicken is looking at salad? Chicken sees a salad.
What do you call a dog magician? A labracadabrador.
Where would you find an elephant? The same place you lost her.
What’s a dog’s favorite super hero? Labra-Thor.
What do you call a rabbit with fleas? Bugs Bunny!
A man arrives at a costume party with a girl on his back. "I am a turtle," he says. "Who's on your back?" "That's Michelle."
Why aren’t dogs allowed in bars? Because they can’t control their licker.
What do you call a deer with no eyes? No eye deer.
Why does a pitcher raise one leg when he throws the ball? If he raises them both, he’d fall down.
Where does a majority of a hockey player’s salary come from? The tooth fairy.
I kept wondering why the baseball was getting bigger. Then it hit me.
Why did the football coach go to the bank? To get his quarter back.
What does a sprinter eat before a race? Nothing, they fast.
Why don't football players were glasses? It's a contact sport.
Why couldn't the baby score in basketball? He was always dribbling.
What's the best animal in soccer? A score-pion.
What happens if no one turns up to your birthday party? You get to have you cake and eat it, too.
Why didn't the teddy bear eat any of its birthday cake? Because it was already stuffed!
Why don't kids remember their past birthday parties? They're too focused on the present!
What type of party do you throw for a dog’s birthday? A ball.
What are you if you go to a ghost birthday party? The life of the party!
Do you know why I get heartburn when I eat birthday cake? I always forget to blow out the candles!
Why do people put birthday candles on top of a birthday cake? Because you can't put them on the bottom, can you?!
What kind of candle burns longer than others? None, silly — they all burn shorter.
Why do candles love birthdays? They like to get lit.
I went to a really emotional wedding last week, even the cake was in tiers.
My antenna married my neighbor’s antenna. The wedding was not so good as this one, but the reception was fantastic!
What do you call a melon that’s not allowed to get married? Can’t elope.
Did you hear about the two spiders who just got engaged? I hear they met on the web.
Did you hear about the two florists who got married? It was an arranged marriage.
Two cannonballs got married this morning. I hear they’re already expecting BBs.
I just saw two nuclear technicians getting married. The bride was radiant, and the groom was glowing.
Dad: Well, you know what they say, the memory is the second thing to go. Son: What's the first? Dad: I forget.
Stop thinking of them as “hot flashes.” Think of them as your inner child playing with matches.
I told my doctor I could only hear buzzing. He said don’t worry, it’s just a bug going around.
How is the moon like dentures? Both come out at night.
What do you call someone who enjoys Mondays? Retired.
If you lose something in a senior care home, don't stop looking until you've searched every nook and granny.
An old woman is sitting at a bar when an older gentleman sits down beside her. "So," he says, "Do I come here often?"
What is a prize old people can win for aging? Atrophy.
Now that I’ve gotten older, everything’s finally starting to click for me. My knees, my back, my neck…
Birthdays are good for you. The more you have, the longer you live.
My wife found a spider in our house and told me to take it out, so I did. We had a few drinks, pretty nice guy.
My wife screamed, “You haven’t heard a word I’ve said, have you?!” What a weird place to start a conversation.
My wife is mad I keep introducing her as my “ex-girlfriend”. So I went with “ex-fiancé” instead.
Wife: "Our new neighbor always kisses his wife when he leaves for work. Why don't you do that?” Husband: "How can I? I don't even know her."
Why did Comic Sans divorce Times New Roman? He just wasn’t her type.
I recently visited the “World’s Tiniest Wind Turbine” exhibit. Honestly, not a big fan.
How do you follow Will Smith in the snow? You follow the fresh prints.
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
"Dad, did you get a haircut?" "No, I got them all cut!"
Why did the construction workers always bring a pencil to lunch? They wanted to draw their own conclusions!
Why did the sandwich get a promotion? Because he was the best thing since sliced bread.
Why did the employee get fired from the calendar factory? They took a day off.
I used to work for the paper business. But then it folded.
I got fired from my job as a taxi driver. It turns out nobody thought I was fare.
What did the baby computer say to its dad on Father's Day? Happy Father's Day, Data!
Why don’t they have Father’s Day sales? Because fathers are priceless.
Why did the kids give their dad a blanket for Father’s Day? Because they thought he was the coolest dad.
“Today my son asked me, ‘Can I have a bookmark’? I burst into tears — he’s 12 years old and still doesn’t know my name!”
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? “Bison!”
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
What has a spine but no bones? A book.
What would happen if you threw all the books in the ocean? It would cause a title wave.
Did you hear that I’m reading a book about anti-gravity? It’s impossible to put down.
What’s the best kind of music to listen to when fishing? Something catchy.
What kind of music do chiropractors like? Hip pop.
What kind of music does a boulder like? Rock ‘n’ roll.
Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it’s a soap opera.
Why did the man put his money in the freezer? He wanted cold, hard cash.
Where does 007 invest his money? In the bond market.
What did the comedian say when he walked into the bank? This is a standup.
What do you call a Ford Fiesta that ran out of gas? A Ford Siesta.
I couldn’t figure out how to fasten my seatbelt. Then it clicked.
What has 10 letters and starts with G-A-S? Automobile.
Don’t get mad at lazy people. They didn’t do anything.
Interviewer: “Describe yourself in three words.” Interviewee: “Lazy.”
Want to hear a joke about procrastination? I’ll tell you later.
What do you call a snowman in July? A puddle.
What do you call a Golden Retriever at the beach? A hot dog.
Why don’t fish go on summer vacation? Because they’re always in schools.
We're not socks. But I think we'd make a great pair.
Do you like vegetables? Because I love you from my head tomatoes.
Never laugh at your significant other's choices — because you happen to be one of them.
I burnt my Hawaiian pizza last night. I guess I should have put it on aloha setting.
Don’t trust Adams. They make up everything.
What did the zero say to the eight? That belt looks good on you.
How much does a chimney cost? Nothing, it’s on the house.
Can a frog jump higher than a house? Of course, a house can't jump.
If your house is cold, just stand in the corner. It’s always 90 degrees there.
I told my wife she should embrace her mistakes. She gave me a hug.
I went to buy some camouflage pants, but I couldn't find any.
I was going to tell you a joke about time travel, but you didn't like it.
What was the spider doing on the computer? He was making a web-site.
What did the computer have during his break time? He had a byte!
What shoes do computers love the most? Re-boots.
Why did the computer go to the dentist? To get his Bluetooth checked.
Why do seagulls fly over the sea? If they flew over the bay, they would be bagels.
Why can't a leopard hide? He's always spotted.
What's the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.
Why did the orange lose the race? It ran out of juice.
What’s red and bad for your teeth? A brick.
Why are pirates called pirates? They just ARRRR!
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten-tickles.
Why shouldn’t you tell secrets in a cornfield? Too many ears.
Why did the bicycle fall over? Because it was two tired.
I’m really not into spring cleaning. Come to think of it, I’m not into summer, fall, or winter cleaning either.
I think I want a job cleaning mirrors. It’s just something I could really see myself doing.
When you clean a vacuum cleaner, you become a vacuum cleaner.
My wife and I were having an argument about whose turn it was to do the laundry. In the end, I threw in the towel.
My son has his BA and his MA, but his P­A still supports him.
My daughter’s fourth birthday was today. When she came to see me, I didn’t recognize her at first. I had never seen her be four.
I spent a lot of time, money, and effort childproofing my house, but the kids still get in.
Why did the scarecrow join LinkedIn? Because he wanted to become outstanding in his field!
What did the dad say when he couldn't log into his social media account? "Looks like I'll have to face(book) the music!"
Why did the dad take a ladder to his Instagram profile? Because he heard it had a lot of posts!
What do you call someone who gets easily annoyed in the comments section? An insta-grump.
I'm reading a book about mazes. I got lost in it!
I'm reading a book about submarines. It's super deep!
I'm reading a book about glue. I can't seem to put it down!
I'm reading a book on clocks. It's about time!
Let’s make a reservation at the library before they’re booked!
What's a librarian's favorite type of music? Shhh-mooth jazz!
Why did the coffee call the cops? It got mugged!
What type of coffee does a vampire drink? Decoffin-ated!
How did the hipster burn his tongue? He drank his tea before it was cool!
How does a coffee bean hit on someone? "Hey brew-tiful!"
Why is coffee so good at solving mysteries? Because it always has a latte clues!
What do you call a nervous cup of tea? Anxi-tea!
What's coffee’s favorite type of music? R&Brew!
What do you call a sad cup of tea? Steeped in sorrow!
Why did the tea leaf avoid the hot water? It said, "I'm not ready to steep into that yet!"
Why don't oysters go on vacation? Because they're shellfish!
Why do cows love vacation? Because they can moo-ve freely!
Why did the math book go to the beach? To work on its tan!
What did the beach say when the tide came in? Long time, no sea!
Why did the computer go to the beach? To surf the net!
Why don't skeletons get out of town during the Halloween season? They don't have the guts!
Why was the math book upset? It had too many problems.
How do you put together a space party? You planet.
What do you call fake spaghetti? An impasta
I wish I could tell you a joke about an elevator, but it's an uplifting experience.
Why don't airplanes ever get lost? Because they always wing it!
Why did the ghosts go to the party? It was all for the boos.
I used to be a baker, but I couldn't make enough dough.
I used to hate facial hair... but then it grew on me.
Why did the bicycle go to bed so early? It was two-tired!
Why are scientists so skeptical of atoms? Because they make up everything!
I'm tired of following my dreams. I'm just going to ask them where they are going and meet up with them later.
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? He's all right now.
Why didn’t the skeleton cross the road? Because he had no guts.
What did one nut say as he chased another nut?  I'm a cashew!
Where do fish keep their money? In the riverbank
I accidentally took my cats meds last night. Don’t ask meow.
Chances are if you' ve seen one shopping center, you've seen a mall.
Dermatologists are always in a hurry. They spend all day making rash decisions.
I knew I shouldn't steal a mixer from work, but it was a whisk I was willing to take.
I won an argument with a weather forecaster once. His logic was cloudy...
How come the stadium got hot after the game? Because all of the fans left.
"Why do seagulls fly over the ocean?" "Because if they flew over the bay, we'd call them bagels."
Why was it called the dark ages? Because of all the knights.
A steak pun is a rare medium well done.
Why did the tomato blush? Because it saw the salad dressing.
Did you hear the joke about the wandering nun? She was a roman catholic.
What creature is smarter than a talking parrot? A spelling bee.
I'll tell you what often gets over looked... garden fences.
Why did the kid cross the playground? To get to the other slide.
Why do birds fly south for the winter? Because it's too far to walk.
What is a centipedes's favorite Beatle song?  I want to hold your hand, hand, hand, hand...
My first time using an elevator was an uplifting experience. The second time let me down.
To be Frank, I'd have to change my name.
Slept like a log last night … woke up in the fireplace.
What do you call a female snake. misssssssss
Why does a Moon-rock taste better than an Earth-rock? Because it's a little meteor.
I thought my wife was joking when she said she'd leave me if I didn't stop signing "I'm A Believer"... Then I saw her face.
I’m only familiar with 25 letters in the English language. I don’t know why.
What do you call two barracuda fish?  A Pairacuda!
What did the father tomato say to the baby tomato whilst on a family walk? Ketchup.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands.
What do you do on a remote island? Try and find the TV island it belongs to.
Did you know that protons have mass? I didn't even know they were catholic.
Dad I’m hungry’ … ‘Hi hungry I’m dad
I was fired from the keyboard factory yesterday.  I wasn't putting in enough shifts.
Whoever invented the knock-knock joke should get a no bell prize.
Wife: Honey I’m pregnant.  Me: Well…. what do we do now?  Wife: Well, I guess we should go to a baby doctor.  Me: Hm.. I think I’d be a lot more comfortable going to an adult doctor.
Have you heard the story about the magic tractor? It drove down the road and turned into a field.
When will the little snake arrive? I don't know but he won't be long...
Why was Pavlov's beard so soft?  Because he conditioned it.
Do I enjoy making courthouse puns? Guilty
Why did the kid throw the clock out the window? He wanted to see time fly!
Hear about the new restaurant called Karma? There’s no menu: You get what you deserve.
Why couldn't the kid see the pirate movie? Because it was rated arrr!
It was so cold yesterday my computer froze. My own fault though, I left too many windows open.
Man, I really love my furniture... me and my recliner go way back.
What did the traffic light say to the car as it passed? "Don't look I'm changing!"
My son is studying to be a surgeon, I just hope he makes the cut.
Why did the man run around his bed? Because he was trying to catch up on his sleep!
What did one wall say to the other wall? I'll meet you at the corner!
Sometimes I tuck my knees into my chest and lean forward.  That’s just how I roll.
I once lost a banana at court but then I appealed.
Conjunctivitis.com – now that’s a site for sore eyes.
How many South Americans does it take to change a lightbulb? A Brazilian
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
What do you call two guys hanging out by your window? Kurt & Rod.
Why was the robot angry? Because someone kept pressing his buttons!
Which is the fastest growing city in the world? Dublin'
A police officer caught two kids playing with a firework and a car battery. He charged one and let the other one off.
What do you call a snake who builds houses? A boa constructor!
What is the difference between ignorance and apathy?  I don't know and I don't care.
I went to a Foo Fighters Concert once... It was Everlong...
Why did the sentence fail the driving test? It never came to a full stop.
Some people eat light bulbs. They say it's a nice light snack.
What's the difference between a rooster and a crow? A rooster can crow but a crow cannot rooster.
I went to the store to pick up eight cans of sprite... when I got home I realized I'd only picked seven up
I cut my finger chopping cheese, but I think that I may have grater problems.
Yesterday, I accidentally swallowed some food coloring. The doctor says I’m okay, but I feel like I’ve dyed a little inside.
When people are sad, I sometimes let them colour in my tattoos. Sometimes all they need is a shoulder to crayon.
Last night me and my girlfriend watched three DVDs back to back. Luckily I was the one facing the TV.
I got a reversible jacket for Christmas, I can't wait to see how it turns out.
What do you get when you cross a pig and a pineapple? A porky pine
What did Romans use to cut pizza before the rolling cutter was invented? Lil Caesars
Why did the banana go to the doctor? He was not "peeling" well.
My pet mouse 'Elvis' died last night. He was caught in a trap..
Never take advice from electrons. They are always negative.
Why are oranges the smartest fruit? Because they are made to concentrate.
A girl once asked me what my heart desired, apparently blood, oxygen and neural messages were all wrong answers
Why is it always hot in the corner of a room? Because a corner is 90 degrees.
What did the beaver say to the tree? It's been nice gnawing you.
How do you fix a damaged jack-o-lantern? You use a pumpkin patch.
Why do cows not have toes? They lactose!
What did the late tomato say to the early tomato? I’ll ketch up
I have kleptomania, but when it gets bad, I take something for it.
I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now.
When is a door not a door? When it's ajar.
I made a belt out of watches once... It was a waist of time.
Why did Mozart kill all his chickens? Because when he asked them who the best composer was, they'd all say "Bach bach bach!"
This furniture store keeps emailing me, all I wanted was one night stand!
How do you find Will Smith in the snow?  Look for fresh prints.
My sister bet me $15 that I couldn't build a car out of spaghetti. You should have seen the look on her face as I drove pasta.
My boss told me to have a good day... so I went home.
I just read a book about Stockholm syndrome. It was pretty bad at first, but by the end I liked it.
Why do trees seem suspicious on sunny days? Dunno, they're just a bit shady.
If at first you don't succeed, sky diving is not for you!
I'd like to start a diet, but I've got too much on my plate right now.
What did the drummer name her twin daughters? Anna One, Anna Two...
What kind of music do mummy's like? Rap
I remember when I was a kid, I opened my fridge and noticed one of my vegetables were crying. I guess I have some emotional cabbage.
What's large, grey, and doesn't matter? An irrelephant.
Frankenstein enters a bodybuilding competition and finds he has seriously misunderstood the objective.
A book just fell on my head. I only have my shelf to blame.
What did the dog say to the two trees? Bark bark.
I've got a joke about vegetables for you... but it's a bit corny.
If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
Why can't your nose be 12 inches long? Because then it'd be a foot!
Have you ever heard of a music group called Cellophane? They mostly wrap.
What do you call a boy who stopped digging holes? Douglas.
What did the mountain climber name his son? Cliff.
Why should you never trust a pig with a secret? Because it's bound to squeal.
Why are mummys scared of vacation? They're afraid to unwind.
Whiteboards ... are remarkable.
What kind of dinosaur loves to sleep? A stega-snore-us.
What has three letters and starts with gas? A Car.
What’s Forest Gump’s Facebook password? 1forest1
What kind of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree!
Whenever the cashier at the grocery store asks my dad if he would like the milk in a bag he replies, ‘No, just leave it in the carton!’
I used to be addicted to the hokey pokey, but I turned myself around.
How many tickles does it take to tickle an octopus? Ten-tickles!
Me: If humans lose the ability to hear high frequency volumes as they get older, can my 4 week old son hear a dog whistle?  Doctor: No, humans can never hear that high of a frequency no matter what age they are.  Me: Trick question... dogs can't whistle.
What musical instrument is found in the bathroom? A tuba toothpaste.
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
My boss told me to attach two pieces of wood together... I totally nailed it!
What was the pumpkin’s favorite sport?  Squash.
Recent survey revealed 6 out of 7 dwarf's aren't happy.
What do you call corn that joins the army? Kernel.
I've been trying to come up with a dad joke about momentum . . . but I just can't seem to get it going.
‘Put the cat out’ … ‘I didn’t realize it was on fire
Why don't skeletons ride roller coasters? They don't have the stomach for it.
Is there a hole in your shoe? No… Then how’d you get your foot in it?
Every night at 11:11, I make a wish that someone will come fix my broken clock.
Two muffins were sitting in an oven, and the first looks over to the second, and says, “man, it’s really hot in here”. The second looks over at the first with a surprised look, and answers, “WHOA, a talking muffin!”
What's the difference between a guitar and a fish? You can tune a guitar but you can't "tuna" fish!
Did you hear that the police have a warrant out on a midget psychic ripping people off? It reads “Small medium at large.”
Why don't sharks eat clowns?  Because they taste funny.
Just read a few facts about frogs. They were ribbiting.
Two satellites decided to get married. The wedding wasn't much, but the reception was incredible.
What do you call a fish with no eyes? A fsh.
What do you get if you put a duck in a cement mixer? Quacks in the pavement.
They tried to make a diamond shaped like a duck. It quacked under the pressure.
Where’s the bin? Dad: I haven’t been anywhere!
My wife said I was immature. So I told her to get out of my fort.
Why did the knife dress up in a suit? Because it wanted to look sharp
How do you make a water bed more bouncy. You use Spring Water
I considered building the patio by myself. But I didn't have the stones.
In my career as a lumberjack I cut down exactly 52,487 trees. I know because I kept a log.
Why do bears have hairy coats? Fur protection.
What do you get when you cross a bee and a sheep? A bah-humbug.
What did one snowman say to the other snow man? Do you smell carrot?
"Dad, do you think it's going to snow this winter?" "I dont know, its all up in the air"
Why do bees hum? Because they don't know the words.
What do you call a troublesome Canadian high schooler? A poutine.
A magician was driving down the street and then he turned into a driveway.
Don't trust atoms. They make up everything.
If you walk into a forest and cut down a tree, but the tree doesn't understand why you cut it down, do you think it's stumped?
Where do bees go to the bathroom?  The BP station.
What is the best way to carve? Whittle by whittle.
What's a ninja's favorite type of shoes? Sneakers!
Why did the tree go to the dentist? It needed a root canal.
It was raining cats and dogs the other day. I almost stepped in a poodle.
Why do bananas have to put on sunscreen before they go to the beach? Because they might peel!
What do you call a bee that lives in America? A USB.
I was wondering why the frisbee was getting bigger, then it hit me.
A farmer had 297 cows, when he rounded them up, he found he had 300
What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo? One is really heavy, the other is a little lighter.
I’ve got this disease where I can’t stop making airport puns. The doctor says it terminal.
Somebody stole my Microsoft Office and they're going to pay - you have my Word.
What concert costs only 45 cents? 50 cent featuring Nickelback.
I couldn't figure out how the seat belt worked. Then it just clicked.
What did the green grape say to the purple grape? BREATH!!
What do you call a dad that has fallen through the ice? A Popsicle.
Two parrots are sitting on a perch. One turns to the other and asks, "do you smell fish?"
Bad at golf? Join the club.
I had a pair of racing snails. I removed their shells to make them more aerodynamic, but they became sluggish.
What do you call a pile of cats?  A Meowtain.
How do hens stay fit? They always egg-cercise!
Can a kangaroo jump higher than the Empire State Building? Of course. The Empire State Building can't jump.
What do you give a sick lemon? Lemonaid.
What do you call an old snowman? Water.
I tried to milk a cow today, but was unsuccessful. Udder failure.
I just got fired from a florist, apparently I took too many leaves.
Why don’t skeletons ever go trick or treating? Because they have nobody to go with.
What does a female snake use for support? A co-Bra!
"Dad, I'm cold." "Go stand in the corner, I hear it's 90 degrees."
Child: Dad, make me a sandwich. Dad: Poof! You're a sandwich.
which flower is most fierce? Dandelion
Why are graveyards so noisy? Because of all the coffin.
What kind of bagel can fly? A plain bagel.
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them!
What do you call a careful wolf? Aware wolf.
I was just looking at my ceiling. Not sure if it’s the best ceiling in the world, but it’s definitely up there.
Why do valley girls hang out in odd numbered groups? Because they can't even.
“My Dog has no nose.” “How does he smell?” “Awful”
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
Why are snake races so exciting? They're always neck and neck.
Why did the half blind man fall in the well? Because he couldn't see that well!
As I suspected, someone has been adding soil to my garden. The plot thickens.
What do bees do after they are married? They go on a honeymoon.
If I could name myself after any Egyptian god, I'd be Set.
Why doesn't the Chimney-Sweep call out sick from work? Because he's used to working with a flue.
It’s hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs, because they take everything literally.
It's difficult to say what my wife does, she sells sea shells by the sea shore.
Why did Dracula lie in the wrong coffin? He made a grave mistake.
What did one plate say to the other plate? Dinner is on me!
what do you call a dog that can do magic tricks? a labracadabrador
Doctor: Do you want to hear the good news or the bad news? Patient: Good news please. Doctor: we're naming a disease after you.
Atheism is a non-prophet organisation.
I tried to write a chemistry joke, but could never get a reaction.
I gave my friend 10 puns hoping that one of them would make him laugh. Sadly, no pun in ten did.
What do computers and air conditioners have in common? They both become useless when you open windows.
What do you call a monkey in a mine field? A babooooom!
Scientists finally did a study on forks. It's about tine!
I cut my finger cutting cheese. I know it may be a cheesy story but I feel grate now.
How do you steal a coat? You jacket.
Why don't you find hippopotamuses hiding in trees? They're really good at it.
what happens when you cross a sheep with a kangaroo ? A woolly jumper!
I’m reading a book on the history of glue – can’t put it down.
Want to hear a joke about construction? Nah, I'm still working on it.
My friend told me that pepper is the best seasoning for a roast, but I took it with a grain of salt.
Just watched a documentary about beavers… It was the best damn program I’ve ever seen.
Why do choirs keep buckets handy? So they can carry their tune
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's ok, he woke up.
I asked my date to go to the gym the other day. They never showed up. That's when I knew we wouldn't work out.
You will never guess what Elsa did to the balloon. She let it go.
Did you hear about the two thieves who stole a calendar? They each got six months.
Waking up this morning was an eye-opening experience.
Why can't eggs have love? They will break up too soon.
You can't run through a camp site. You can only ran, because it's past tents.
They're making a movie about clocks. It's about time
I’ve just been reading a book about anti-gravity, it’s impossible to put down!
Archaeology really is a career in ruins.
Have you ever seen fruit preserves being made? It's jarring.
I was going to get a brain transplant, but I changed my mind
Have you heard about the owl sanctuary job opening? It’s all night shifts but they’re all a hoot over there.
I boiled a funny bone last night and had a laughing stock
Why can't you use "Beef stew" as a password? Because it's not stroganoff.
Animal Fact #25: Most bobcats are not named bob.
What did the piece of bread say to the knife? Butter me up.
Why couldn't the lifeguard save the hippie? He was too far out, man.
They say Dodger Stadium can hold up to fifty-six thousand people, but that is just a ballpark figure.
Some people say that I never got over my obsession with Phil Collins. But take a look at me now.
Why did the girl smear peanut butter on the road? To go with the traffic jam.
It takes guts to be an organ donor.
The rotation of earth really makes my day.
How much does a hipster weigh? An instagram.
A woman is on trial for beating her husband to death with his guitar collection. Judge says, ‘First offender?’ She says, ‘No, first a Gibson! Then a Fender!’
I saw an ad in a shop window, "Television for sale, $1, volume stuck on full", I thought, "I can't turn that down".
What kind of dog lives in a particle accelerator? A Fermilabrador Retriever.
I always wanted to look into why I procrastinate, but I keep putting it off.
What's blue and not very heavy?  Light blue.
Guy told me today he did not know what cloning is. I told him, "that makes 2 of us."
I was so proud when I finished the puzzle in six months, when on the side it said three to four years.
Where did you learn to make ice cream? Sunday school.
Coffee has a tough time at my house, every morning it gets mugged.
A quick shoutout to all of the sidewalks out there... Thanks for keeping me off the streets.
Where does Napoleon keep his armies? In his sleevies.
What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup. Anyone can roast beef, but nobody can pee soup.
Leather is great for sneaking around because it's made of hide.
What do you get if you cross a turkey with a ghost? A poultry-geist!
People are making apocalypse jokes like there’s no tomorrow.
What is the tallest building in the world? The library – it’s got the most stories!
What kind of magic do cows believe in? MOODOO.
What’s the longest word in the dictionary? Smiles. Because there’s a mile between the two S’s.
Why don't eggs tell jokes? They'd crack each other up
I just broke my guitar. It's okay, I won't fret
It's only a murder of crows if there's probable caws.
How many kids with ADD does it take to change a lightbulb? Let's go ride bikes!
Where do hamburgers go to dance? The meat-ball.
I invented a new word! Plagiarism!
Did you know that ghosts call their true love their ghoul-friend?
What do you call a cow with two legs? Lean beef.
What did the big flower say to the littler flower? Hi, bud!
I never wanted to believe that my Dad was stealing from his job as a road worker. But when I got home, all the signs were there.
Why do pumpkins sit on people’s porches?  They have no hands to knock on the door.
Who is the coolest Doctor in the hospital? The hip Doctor!
Why was ten scared of seven? Because seven ate nine.
What do you get when you cross a rabbit with a water hose? Hare spray.
I applied to be a doorman but didn't get the job due to lack of experience. That surprised me, I thought it was an entry level position.
I knew a guy who collected candy canes, they were all in mint condition
A boy dug three holes in the yard. When his mother saw, she exclaimed: "well, well, well"
Why do nurses carry around red crayons? Sometimes they need to draw blood.
Why was the shirt happy to hang around the tank top? Because it was armless
Why does a chicken coop only have two doors? Because if it had four doors it would be a chicken sedan.
"I'll call you later." Don't call me later, call me Dad.
Why did the teddy bear say “no” to dessert? Because she was stuffed.
I don't trust sushi, there's something fishy about it.
New atoms frequently lose electrons when they fail to keep an ion them.
Did you hear the one about the giant pickle?  He was kind of a big dill.
Breaking news! Energizer Bunny arrested – charged with battery.
How many bones are in the human hand? A handful of them.
A red and a blue ship have just collided in the Caribbean. Apparently the survivors are marooned.
I've just written a song about a tortilla. Well, it is more of a rap really.
Can February march? No, but April may.
So a duck walks into a pharmacy and says “Give me some chap-stick… and put it on my bill”
Egyptians claimed to invent the guitar, but they were such lyres.﻿
Toasters were the first form of pop-up notifications.
What is a witch's favorite subject in school? Spelling!
What do you call a crowd of chess players bragging about their wins in a hotel lobby? Chess nuts boasting in an open foyer.
Which side of the chicken has more feathers? The outside.
Remember, the best angle to approach a problem from is the "try" angle.
Why are fish easy to weigh? Because they have their own scales.
What did the scarf say to the hat? You go on ahead, I am going to hang around a bit longer.
Did you hear about the scientist who was lab partners with a pot of boiling water? He had a very esteemed colleague.
This morning I was wondering where the sun was, but then it dawned on me.
Writing with a broken pencil is pointless.
What did the sea say to the sand? "We have to stop meeting like this."
Why is it so windy inside an arena? All those fans.
A panda walks into a bar and says to the bartender “I’ll have a Scotch and . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Coke thank you”.   “Sure thing” the bartender replies and asks “but what’s with the big pause?”   The panda holds up his hands and says “I was born with them”
I've started telling everyone about the benefits of eating dried grapes. It's all about raisin awareness.
“Doctor, I’ve broken my arm in several places” Doctor “Well don’t go to those places.”
Where was the Declaration of Independence signed?  At the bottom!
What’s the difference between an African elephant and an Indian elephant? About 5000 miles.
Two peanuts were walking down the street. One was a salted
Don’t interrupt someone working intently on a puzzle. Chances are, you’ll hear some crosswords.
Today a man knocked on my door and asked for a small donation towards the local swimming pool. I gave him a glass of water.
What did the Zen Buddist say to the hotdog vendor? Make me one with everything.
Why did the clown have neck pain? - Because he slept funny
What did the digital clock say to the grandfather clock? Look, no hands!
A weasel walks into a bar. The bartender says, "Wow, I've never served a weasel before. What can I get for you?" "Pop," goes the weasel.
How was the snow globe feeling after the storm? A little shaken.
Did you hear the one about the guy with the broken hearing aid? Neither did he.
Did you hear about the campsite that got visited by Bigfoot? It got in tents.
I saw a documentary on TV last night about how they put ships together.  It was rivetting.
What did the Red light say to the Green light? Don't look at me I'm changing!
What did the ocean say to the beach? Thanks for all the sediment.
What did the left eye say to the right eye? Between us, something smells!
What do you call a fly without wings? A walk.
Why did the melons plan a big wedding? Because they cantaloupe!
Yesterday I confused the words "jacuzzi" and "yakuza". Now I'm in hot water with the Japanese mafia.
What is the least spoken language in the world? Sign Language
What do birds give out on Halloween? Tweets.
I used to think I was indecisive, but now I'm not sure.
Velcro… What a rip-off.
Have you heard the rumor going around about butter? Never mind, I shouldn't spread it.
Every morning when I go out, I get hit by bicycle. Every morning!  It's a vicious cycle.
What happens to a frog's car when it breaks down? It gets toad.
I fear for the calendar, its days are numbered.
I'm glad I know sign language, it's pretty handy.
The other day, my wife asked me to pass her lipstick but I accidentally passed her a glue stick. She still isn't talking to me.
What do you get when you cross a chicken with a skunk? A fowl smell!
Where do you take someone who’s been injured in a peek-a-boo accident? To the I.C.U.
As I get older, I think of all the people I lost along the way. Maybe a career as a tour guide wasn't such a good idea.
How many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb? Oh, it's a really obscure number. You've probably never heard of it.
Where do sheep go to get their hair cut? The baa-baa shop.
Our wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers.
Why did the miner get fired from his job? He took it for granite...
What did the hat say to the scarf? You can hang around. I'll just go on ahead.
Where do cats write notes? Scratch Paper!
Why is the new Kindle screen textured to look like paper? So you feel write at home.
When my wife told me to stop impersonating a flamingo, I had to put my foot down.
No matter how kind you are, German children are kinder.
What’s the advantage of living in Switzerland? Well, the flag is a big plus.
When I left school, I passed every one of my exams with the exception of Greek Mythology. It always was my achilles elbow
Why did the cookie cry? It was feeling crumby.
What did Yoda say when he saw himself in 4K? "HDMI"
How do you make a 'one' disappear? You add a 'g' and it's 'gone'
Me and my mates are in a band called Duvet. We're a cover band.
Where do you learn to make banana splits? At sundae school.
Nurse: Doctor, there's a patient that says he's invisible. Doctor: Well, tell him I can't see him right now!
What was a more important invention than the first telephone? The second one.
What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire? Frostbite.
What do you do when your bunny gets wet? You get your hare dryer.
Did you know crocodiles could grow up to 15 feet? But most just have 4.
There are two types of people in this world, those who can extrapolate from incomplete data...
Why did the fireman wear red, white, and blue suspenders? To hold his pants up.
In the news a courtroom artist was arrested today, I'm not surprised, he always seemed sketchy.
I wanted to be a tailor but I didn't suit the job
What do you call someone with no nose? Nobody knows.
What do you call a girl between two posts? Annette.
What do you call a criminal going down the stairs? Condescending
What do you call a fat psychic? A four-chin teller.
I used to be a banker, but I lost interest.
Why can't a bicycle stand on its own? It's two-tired.
What does a pirate pay for his corn? A buccaneer!
Astronomers got tired watching the moon go around the earth for 24 hours. They decided to call it a day.
My dog used to chase people on a bike a lot. It got so bad I had to take his bike away.
I ate a clock yesterday. It was so time consuming.
Two dyslexics walk into a bra.
I been watching a channel on TV that is strictly just about origami — of course it is paper-view.
Milk is also the fastest liquid on earth – its pasteurized before you even see it
Is the pool safe for diving? It deep ends.
Why do scuba divers fall backwards into the water? Because if they fell forwards they’d still be in the boat.
My wife told me to rub the herbs on the meat for better flavor. That's sage advice.
A man was caught stealing in a supermarket today while balanced on the shoulders of a couple of vampires. He was charged with shoplifting on two counts.
Ben & Jerry's really need to improve their operation. The only way to get there is down a rocky road.
How are false teeth like stars? They come out at night!
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y.
I went to the zoo yesterday and saw a baguette in a cage. It was bread in captivity.
Did you hear about the cheese factory that exploded in France? There was nothing left but de Brie.
How does a penguin build it’s house? Igloos it together.
What is this movie about? It is about 2 hours long.
Why are pirates called pirates? Because they arrr!
Where does Fonzie like to go for lunch? Chick-Fil-Eyyyyyyyy.
How does a dyslexic poet write? Inverse.
Don't tell secrets in corn fields. Too many ears around.
What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday? Aye Matey!
Why did the A go to the bathroom and come out as an E? Because he had a vowel movement.
Yesterday a clown held a door open for me. I thought it was a nice jester.
Why did the opera singer go sailing? They wanted to hit the high Cs.
Bought a new jacket suit the other day and it burst into flames. Well, it was a blazer
Whats a penguins favorite relative? Aunt Arctica.
Never Trust Someone With Graph Paper...  They're always plotting something.
What do you call an elephant that doesn’t matter? An irrelephant.
What do you call a group of disorganized cats? A cat-tastrophe.
What is bread's favorite number?  Leaven.
Why can’t you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom? The p is silent.
How do you know if there’s an elephant under your bed? Your head hits the ceiling!
How do you teach a kid to climb stairs? There is a step by step guide.
Where do owls go to buy their baby clothes? The owlet malls.
Why does Norway have barcodes on their battleships? So when they get back to port, they can Scandinavian.
What's the worst part about being a cross-eyed teacher?  They can't control their pupils.
What do you call a fashionable lawn statue with an excellent sense of rhythmn? A metro-gnome
Someone broke into my house last night and stole my limbo trophy. How low can you go?
Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged.
Mountains aren't just funny, they are hill areas
I was going to learn how to juggle, but I didn't have the balls.
The Swiss must've been pretty confident in their chances of victory if they included a corkscrew in their army knife.
Why was the strawberry sad? Its parents were in a jam.
I wear a stethoscope so that in a medical emergency I can teach people a valuable lesson about assumptions.
Why are ghosts bad liars? Because you can see right through them!
Every machine in the coin factory broke down all of a sudden without explanation. It just doesn’t make any cents.
Why does it take longer to get from 1st to 2nd base, than it does to get from 2nd to 3rd base? Because there’s a Shortstop in between!
What do you do when you see a space man? Park your car, man.
If you want a job in the moisturizer industry, the best advice I can give is to apply daily.
Where do you take someone who has been injured in a Peek-a-boo accident? To the I.C.U.
When you have a bladder infection, urine trouble.
How do you make Lady Gaga cry? Poker face.
What do you call a group of killer whales playing instruments? An Orca-stra.
I was in an 80's band called the prevention. We were better than the cure.
What did Michael Jackson name his denim store?    Billy Jeans!
People saying 'boo! to their friends has risen by 85% in the last year.... That's a frightening statistic.
Geology rocks, but Geography is where it's at!
Why does Han Solo like gum? It's chewy!
I was at the library and asked if they have any books on "paranoia", the librarian replied, "yes, they are right behind you"
Have you heard of the band 1023MB? They haven't got a gig yet.
The urge to sing the Lion King song is just a whim away.
What happens when you anger a brain surgeon? They will give you a piece of your mind.
I needed a password eight characters long so I picked Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.
I used to work at a stationery store.  But, I didn't feel like I was going anywhere.  So, I got a job at a travel agency.  Now, I know I'll be going places.
I used to work in a shoe recycling shop. It was sole destroying.
R.I.P. boiled water. You will be mist.
Q: What did the spaghetti say to the other spaghetti? A: Pasta la vista, baby!
The first time I got a universal remote control I thought to myself, "This changes everything"
Why is the ocean always blue? Because the shore never waves back.
Why did the feline fail the lie detector test? Because he be lion.
I decided to sell my Hoover… well it was just collecting dust.
Why do ducks make great detectives? They always quack the case.
What does a clock do when it's hungry? It goes back four seconds!
What do I look like? A JOKE MACHINE!?
I bought shoes from a drug dealer once. I don't know what he laced them with, but I was tripping all day.
What is a tornado's favorite game to play? Twister!
You know that cemetery up the road? People are dying to get in there.
Pie is $2.50 in Jamaica and $3.00 in The Bahamas. These are the pie-rates of the Caribbean.
What do you call a fish wearing a bowtie? Sofishticated.
Did you hear about the Mexican train killer? He had loco motives
Can I watch the TV? Dad: Yes, but don’t turn it on.
What is worse then finding a worm in your Apple? Finding half a worm in your Apple.
What do vegetarian zombies eat? Grrrrrainnnnnssss.
"I'm sorry." "Hi sorry, I'm dad"
What is the hardest part about sky diving? The ground.
Why did the cowboy have a weiner dog? Somebody told him to get a long little doggy.
My friend keeps telling me "Cheer up. You aren't stuck in a deep hole in the ground, filled with water." I know he means well.
Who did the wizard marry? His ghoul-friend
How many seconds are in a year? 12. January 2nd, February 2nd, March 2nd, April 2nd.... etc
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I'll let you know.
Ever wondered why bees hum? It's because they don't know the words.
How many optometrists does it take to change a light bulb? 1 or 2? 1... or 2?
There's not really any training for garbagemen. They just pick things up as they go.
Did you hear about the cow who jumped over the barbed wire fence? It was udder destruction.
I was shocked when I was diagnosed as colorblind... It came out of the purple.
Where does astronauts hangout after work? At the spacebar.
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear!
I’ve deleted the phone numbers of all the Germans I know from my mobile phone. Now it’s Hans free.
What do you call your friend who stands in a hole? Phil.
A doll was recently found dead in a rice paddy. It's the only known instance of a nick nack paddy wack.
How do you tell the difference between a crocodile and an alligator? You will see one later and one in a while.
The word queue is ironic. It's just q with a bunch of silent letters waiting in line.
What do you call a droid that takes the long way around? R2 detour.
What's the best thing about elevator jokes? They work on so many levels.
Where do rabbits go after they get married? On a bunny-moon.
Why do cows wear bells? Because their horns don't work.
Two fish are in a tank, one turns to the other and says, "how do you drive this thing?"
I finally bought the limited edition Thesaurus that I've always wanted. When I opened it, all the pages were blank. I have no words to describe how angry I am.
This is my step ladder. I never knew my real ladder.
I was thinking about moving to Moscow but there is no point Russian into things.
A man walks into a bar and orders helicopter flavor chips. The barman replies “sorry mate we only do plain”
It's been months since I bought the book "how to scam people online". It still hasn't turned up.
Why is it a bad idea to iron your four-leaf clover? Cause you shouldn't press your luck.
I got an A on my origami assignment when I turned my paper into my teacher
What did the fish say when it swam into a wall? Damn!
I accidentally drank a bottle of invisible ink. Now I’m in hospital, waiting to be seen.
Why does Waldo only wear stripes? Because he doesn't want to be spotted.
My New Years resolution is to stop leaving things so late.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
Americans can't switch from pounds to kilograms overnight. That would cause mass confusion.
An apple a day keeps the bullies away. If you throw it hard enough.
Why does Superman get invited to dinners? Because he is a Supperhero.
Why is no one friends with Dracula? Because he's a pain in the neck.
A man got hit in the head with a can of Coke, but he was alright because it was a soft drink.
What is the leading cause of dry skin? Towels
A man walked in to a bar with some asphalt on his arm. He said “Two beers please, one for me and one for the road.”
Did you know the first French fries weren't actually cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece.
I’ll tell you something about German sausages, they’re the wurst
Where did Captain Hook get his hook? From a second hand store.
I got fired from a florist, apparently I took too many leaves.
Two silk worms had a race. They ended up in a tie.
I got fired from the transmission factor, turns out I didn't put on enough shifts...
Where do young cows eat lunch? In the calf-ateria.
I went to the doctor today and he told me I had type A blood but it was a type O.
How does a French skeleton say hello? Bone-jour.
Why was the big cat disqualified from the race? Because it was a cheetah.
What do prisoners use to call each other? Cell phones.
What’s E.T. short for? He’s only got little legs.
We all know where the Big Apple is but does anyone know where the Minneapolis?
What kind of award did the dentist receive? A little plaque.
Got a new suit recently made entirely of living plants. I wasn’t sure at first, but it’s grown on me
Do you know where you can get chicken broth in bulk? The stock market.
A Sandwich walks into a bar, the bartender says “Sorry, we don’t serve food here”
What do you get hanging from Apple trees? Sore arms.
I thought about going on an all-almond diet. But that's just nuts.
I don’t play soccer because I enjoy the sport. I’m just doing it for kicks.
People are shocked to discover I have a police record but I love their greatest hits!
Today a girl said she recognized me from vegetarian club, but I’m sure I’ve never met herbivore.
How do you organize a space party? You planet.
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
A man is washing the car with his son. The son asks...... "Dad, can’t you just use a sponge?"
They laughed when I said I wanted to be a comedian – they’re not laughing now.
What does an angry pepper do? It gets jalapeño face.
Don't buy flowers at a monastery. Because only you can prevent florist friars.
Hostess: Do you have a preference of where you sit? Dad: Down.
Did you hear about the submarine industry? It really took a dive...
The biggest knight at King Arthur's round table was Sir Cumference. He acquired his size from eating too much pi.
To the person who stole my anti-depressant pills: I hope you're happy now.
How do you get a baby alien to sleep?  You rocket.
Why do pirates not know the alphabet? They always get stuck at "C".
I saw my husband trip and fall while carrying a laundry basket full of ironed clothes. I watched it all unfold.
Did you hear about the chameleon who couldn't change color? They had a reptile dysfunction.
Why did the house go to the doctor? It was having window panes.
I made a playlist for hiking. It has music from Peanuts, The Cranberries, and Eminem. I call it my Trail Mix.
What do you call a dictionary on drugs? High definition.
A Skeleton walked into a bar he said I need a beer and a mop
How do robots eat guacamole? With computer chips.
Today, my son asked "Can I have a book mark?" and I burst into tears. 11 years old and he still doesn't know my name is Brian.
What’s brown and sounds like a bell? Dung!
What has a bed that you can’t sleep in? A river.
Why do crabs never give to charity? Because they’re shellfish.
What do you call a pig with three eyes? Piiig
How do you make a hankie dance? Put a little boogie in it.
Sgt.: Commissar! Commissar! The troops are revolting! Commissar: Well, you’re pretty repulsive yourself.
The other day I was listening to a song about superglue, it’s been stuck in my head ever since.
What don't watermelons get married? Because they cantaloupe.
If you’re struggling to think of what to get someone for Christmas. Get them a fridge and watch their face light up when they open it.
The great thing about stationery shops is they're always in the same place...
Did you hear about the cheese who saved the world? It was Legend-dairy!
What do you call cheese by itself? Provolone.
How do you fix a broken pizza? With tomato paste.
I heard there was a new store called Moderation. They have everything there
A beekeeper was indicted after he confessed to years of stealing at work. They charged him with emBEEzlement
I used to work for a soft drink can crusher. It was soda pressing.
Why did the chicken get a penalty? For fowl play.
When Dad drops a pea off of his plate ‘oh dear I’ve pee’d on the table!
My cat was just sick on the carpet, I don’t think it’s feline well.
Why did the burglar hang his mugshot on the wall? To prove that he was framed!
I dreamed about drowning in an ocean made out of orange soda last night. It took me a while to work out it was just a Fanta sea.
I had a dream that I was a muffler last night. I woke up exhausted!
A dad washes his car with his son. But after a while, the son says, "why can't you just use a sponge?"
Doctor you've got you help me, I'm addicted to twitter. Doctor: I don't follow you.
Why do we tell actors to “break a leg?” Because every play has a cast.
I broke my finger at work today, on the other hand I'm completely fine.
I went to a book store and asked the saleswoman where the Self Help section was, she said if she told me it would defeat the purpose.
How does a scientist freshen their breath? With experi-mints!
What has ears but cannot hear? A field of corn.
People who don't eat gluten are really going against the grain.
Sore throats are a pain in the neck!
How did Darth Vader know what Luke was getting for Christmas? He felt his presents.
What's the difference between a seal and a sea lion? An ion!
I think circles are pointless.
What did the Dorito farmer say to the other Dorito farmer? Cool Ranch!
A ghost walks into a bar and asks for a glass of vodka but the bar tender says, “sorry we don’t serve spirits”
You know what they say about cliffhangers...
Why do wizards clean their teeth three times a day? To prevent bat breath!
Someone asked me, what's the ninth letter of the alphabet? It was a complete guess, but I was right.
Feeling pretty proud of myself. The Sesame Street puzzle I bought said 3-5 years, but I finished it in 18 months.
A termite walks into a bar and asks “Is the bar tender here?”
Why are fish so smart? Because they live in schools!
Why did the worker get fired from the orange juice factory? Lack of concentration.
I couldn't get a reservation at the library. They were completely booked.
Dad, can you put my shoes on? I don't think they'll fit me.
How do you get two whales in a car? Start in England and drive West.
What do you call an Argentinian with a rubber toe? Roberto
I tried taking some high resolution photos of local farmland, but they all turned out a bit grainy.
What did the ocean say to the shore? Nothing, it just waved.
I went to the zoo the other day, there was only one dog in it. It was a shitzu.
Someone asked me to name two structures that hold water. I said "Well dam"
I gave all my dead batteries away today, free of charge.
Did you hear the news? FedEx and UPS are merging. They’re going to go by the name Fed-Up from now on.
Why didn't the number 4 get into the nightclub? Because he is 2 square.
What do you call a sheep with no legs? A cloud.
Why did the m&m go to school? Because it wanted to be a Smartie!
Did you hear that David lost his ID in prague? Now we just have to call him Dav.
My wife is on a tropical fruit diet, the house is full of stuff. It is enough to make a mango crazy.
Why are basketball players messy eaters? Because they are always dribbling.
Why do mathematicians hate the U.S.? Because it's indivisible.
I knew i shouldn’t have ate that seafood. Because now i’m feeling a little… Eel
Past, present, and future walked into a bar.... It was tense.
Did you hear about the bread factory burning down? They say the business is toast.
My boss told me that he was going to fire the person with the worst posture. I have a hunch, it might be me.
What's black and white and read all over? The newspaper.
Why are skeletons so calm? Because nothing gets under their skin.
Without geometry life is pointless.
“Hold on, I have something in my shoe”  “I’m pretty sure it’s a foot”
Have you heard about the film "Constipation", you probably haven't because it's not out yet.
Did you know Albert Einstein was a real person? All this time, I thought he was just a theoretical physicist!
I hate perforated lines, they're tearable.
I asked the surgeon if I could administer my own anesthetic, they said: go ahead, knock yourself out.
Why did the barber win the race? He took a short cut.
Why did the octopus beat the shark in a fight? Because it was well armed.
What did the doctor say to the gingerbread man who broke his leg? Try icing it.
What did the judge say to the dentist? Do you swear to pull the tooth, the whole tooth and nothing but the tooth?
"What time is it?" I don't know... it keeps changing.
You can't trust a ladder. It will always let you down
I am so good at sleeping I can do it with my eyes closed!
I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.
What are the strongest days of the week? Saturday and Sunday...the rest are weekdays.
My friend said to me: "What rhymes with orange" I said: "no it doesn't"
I had a rough day, and then somebody went and ripped the front and back pages from my dictionary. It just goes from bad to worse.
I adopted my dog from a blacksmith. As soon as we got home he made a bolt for the door.
Where does batman go to the bathroom? The batroom.
Some people say that comedians who tell one too many light bulb jokes soon burn out, but they don't know watt they are talking about. They're not that bright.
A bartender broke up with her boyfriend, but he kept asking her for another shot.
What do you call a cow on a trampoline? A milk shake!
What do you call a nervous javelin thrower? Shakespeare.
What do you call an eagle who can play the piano? Talonted!
What do you call a boomerang that won't come back? A stick.
What do you call a duck that gets all A's? A wise quacker.
I used to work for an origami company but they folded.
There’s a new type of broom out, it’s sweeping the nation.
I just wrote a book on reverse psychology. Do not read it!
The shovel was a ground-breaking invention.
Why don’t seagulls fly over the bay? Because then they’d be bay-gulls!
Parallel lines have so much in common. It’s a shame they’ll never meet.
The best time on a clock is 6:30--hands down.
What do you call a magician who has lost their magic? Ian.
Why do fish live in salt water? Because pepper makes them sneeze!
When do doctors get angry? When they run out of patients.
A man tried to sell me a coffin today. I told him that's the last thing I need.
It doesn't matter how much you push the envelope. It will still be stationary.
What did the shy pebble wish for? That she was a little boulder.
Why did the belt go to prison? He held up a pair of pants!
Wife told me to take the spider out instead of killing it... We had some drinks, cool guy, wants to be a web developer.
What cheese can never be yours? Nacho cheese.
What is a vampire's favorite fruit? A blood orange.
A cannibal is someone who is fed up with people.
Why did the cookie cry? Because his mother was a wafer so long
Want to hear my pizza joke? Never mind, it's too cheesy.
What did the grape do when he got stepped on? He let out a little wine.
What did the 0 say to the 8? Nice belt.
Why was the picture sent to prison? It was framed.
I burned 2000 calories today, I left my food in the oven for too long.
Cosmetic surgery used to be such a taboo subject. Now you can talk about Botox and nobody raises an eyebrow.
How can you tell a vampire has a cold? They start coffin.
At the boxing match, the dad got into the popcorn line and the line for hot dogs, but he wanted to stay out of the punchline.
"Hey, dad, did you get a haircut?" "No, I got them all cut."
Why is there always a gate around cemeteries? Because people are always dying to get in.
I asked a frenchman if he played video games. He said "Wii"
My dentist is the best, he even has a little plaque!
So, I heard this pun about cows, but it’s kinda offensive so I won’t say it. I don’t want there to be any beef between us.
What do Alexander the Great and Winnie the Pooh have in common? Same middle name.
What kind of music do planets listen to? Nep-tunes.
Shout out to my grandma, that's the only way she can hear.
Why was the broom late for the meeting? He overswept.
I went on a date last night with a girl from the zoo. It was great. She’s a keeper.
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they're so good at it.
Mahatma Gandhi, as you know, walked barefoot most of the time, which produced an impressive set of calluses on his feet.  He also ate very little, which made him rather frail and with his odd diet, he suffered from bad breath.  This made him a super calloused fragile mystic hexed by halitosis.
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An in-vest-igator!
What did celery say when he broke up with his girlfriend? She wasn't right for me, so I really don't carrot all.
Thanks for explaining the word "many" to me. It means a lot.
What biscuit does a short person like? Shortbread.
The invention of the wheel was what got things rolling
Why was Santa's little helper feeling depressed? Because he has low elf esteem.
Why did Sweden start painting barcodes on the sides of their battleships? So they could Scandinavian.
Want to hear a chimney joke? Got stacks of em! First one's on the house
What do you call a pig that knows karate? A pork chop!
If two vegans are having an argument, is it still considered beef?
My sea sickness comes in waves.
For Valentine's day, I decided to get my wife some beads for an abacus.  It's the little things that count.
What's the worst thing about ancient history class? The teachers tend to Babylon.
My new thesaurus is terrible. In fact, it's so bad, I'd say it's terrible.
What type of music do balloons hate? Pop music!
Do you want a brief explanation of what an acorn is? In a nutshell, it's an oak tree.
How come a man driving a train got struck by lightning? He was a good conductor.
Camping is intense.
Dad died because he couldn't remember his blood type. I will never forget his last words. Be positive.
I’m on a whiskey diet. I’ve lost three days already.
How does Darth Vader like his toast? On the dark side.
Why didn’t the orange win the race? It ran out of juice.
Did you hear about the runner who was criticized? He just took it in stride
What animal is always at a game of cricket? A bat.
Why did the Clydesdale give the pony a glass of water?  Because he was a little horse!
I started a new business making yachts in my attic this year...the sails are going through the roof
If you think swimming with dolphins is expensive, you should try swimming with sharks--it cost me an arm and a leg!
What did the Buffalo say to his little boy when he dropped him off at school? Bison.
I used to have a job at a calendar factory but I got the sack because I took a couple of days off.
I am terrified of elevators. I’m going to start taking steps to avoid them.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use honey combs!
Did you know you should always take an extra pair of pants golfing? Just in case you get a hole in one.
I wish I could clean mirrors for a living. It's just something I can see myself doing.
How do the trees get on the internet? They log on.
To the guy who invented zero... thanks for nothing.
What lies at the bottom of the ocean and twitches? A nervous wreck.
What is red and smells like blue paint? Red paint!
*Reversing the car* "Ah, this takes me back"
Doctor you've got to help me, I'm addicted to Twitter. Doctor: I don't follow you.
How do locomotives know where they're going? Lots of training
How did the hipster burn the roof of his mouth? He ate the pizza before it was cool.
A butcher accidentally backed into his meat grinder and got a little behind in his work that day.
Did you hear about the new restaurant on the moon? The food is great, but there’s just no atmosphere.
What do you call a beehive without the b's? An eehive.
What kind of pants do ghosts wear? Boo jeans.
I really want to buy one of those supermarket checkout dividers, but the cashier keeps putting it back.
A horse walks into a bar. The bar tender says "Hey." The horse says "Sure."
Did you hear about the guy who invented Lifesavers? They say he made a mint.
What's the difference between a poorly dressed man on a tricycle and a well dressed man on a bicycle? Attire.
Why are giraffes so slow to apologize? Because it takes them a long time to swallow their pride.
"Dad, I'm hungry." Hello, Hungry. I'm Dad.
I'm practicing for a bug-eating contest and I've got butterflies in my stomach.
I have the heart of a lion... and a lifetime ban from the San Diego Zoo.
What do you call a guy lying on your doorstep? Matt.
I met this girl on a dating site and, I don't know, we just clicked.
What did the calculator say to the student? You can count on me.
What do you call a gorilla wearing headphones? Anything you'd like, it can't hear you.
Have you heard about corduroy pillows?  They're making headlines!
What do elves post on Social Media? Elf-ies.
Why did the developer go broke buying Bitcoin? He kept calling it bytecoin and didn't get any.
Why do programmers always mix up Halloween and Christmas? Because Oct 31 == Dec 25
Where’s the bin? I haven’t been anywhere!
What do you call a dog that can do magic? A Labracadabrador.
This graveyard is packed. People must be dying to get in.
What did one hat say to the other? You stay here — I’ll go on ahead.
I visited a weight loss website they told me I have to have cookies disabled.
Two guys walk into a bar . . . The first guy says "Ouch!" and the second says "Yeah, I didn't see it either."
Why didn't the skeleton go for prom? Because it had nobody.
Whenever I try to eat healthy a chocolate bar looks at me and Snickers.
Why dot net developers don't wear glasses? Because they see sharp.
I have a joke about construction. I’m still working on it.
How do trees get on the internet? They log on.
When an ambulance zips past with its siren blaring: "They won't sell much ice cream driving that fast."
Why did the functions stop calling each other? Because they had constant arguments.
Did you hear the one about the Ballerina Debate Team? They always stay on point.
What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows.
My older brother always tore the last pages of my comic books, and never told me why. I had to draw my own conclusions.
I cut my finger slicing cheese the other day but I think I may have grater problems than that.
Why didn't the vampire attack Taylor Swift? She had bad blood.
Do you know what the loudest pet is? A trumpet.
Did you hear about the new book on anti-gravity? It's impossible to put down.
What's the best thing about a Boolean? Even if you're wrong, you're only off by a bit.
What do you get when you cross a React developer with a mathematician? A function component.
What did the skeleton order at the bar? A beer and a mop.
Did you hear about the restaurant they're building on the moon? The food is supposed to be great, but there's no atmosphere.
Knock knock. Who's there? Cows go. Cows go who? No, cows go moo.
How do you make a bandstand? Take away all of the chairs.
Why did the crab never share Because he's shellfish.
Knock knock. Who's there? Hatch. Hatch who? Bless you!
A user interface is like a joke. If you have to explain it then it is not that good.
Want to hear a joke about paper? Never mind, it’s tearable.
To understand what recursion is... You must first understand what recursion is
What did the Java code say to the C code? You've got no class.
How do you tell an alligator from a crocodile? You’ll see one later, the other in a while.
Why do chicken coops only have two doors? Because if they had four, they would be chicken sedans
Did you know the first French fries weren't actually cooked in France? They were cooked in grease.
Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island.
A cheeseburger walked into a bar. The bartender said, “Sorry, we don’t serve food here.”
Why don't scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything.
Did you watch the new comic book movie? It was very graphic!
Did you hear about the Viking who was reincarnated? He was Bjorn again
You know what the loudest pet you can get is A trumpet.
Why are fish so smart? Because they swim in schools.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? He was outstanding in his field.
Where do programmers like to hangout? The Foo Bar.
Did you hear about the famous Italian chef that recently died He pasta way.
Do you know the name of the boy wizard that loved to play golf? Harry Putter.
What do you call a pony with a sore throat? A little horse.
If a kid refuses to nap, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they're really good at it.
Where did the API go to eat? To the RESTaurant.
To the man in the wheelchair that stole my camouflage jacket... You can hide but you can't run.
What's the best part about living in Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.
What did the two slices of bread say at their wedding? It was loaf at first sight.
Why did the designer break up with their font? Because it wasn't their type.
The Sergeant-Major growled at the young soldier: I didn’t see you at camouflage training this morning. Thank you very much, sir.
I have a great joke about pizza, but it’s a little cheesy.
I sold my vacuum cleaner the other day — it was just gathering dust.
I told a joke about time travel, but you guys didn’t like it.
How do you make 'one' disappear? Add a 'g' and it's gone.
What is the most groundbreaking invention of all time The shovel.
What do you get when you cross an elephant with a rhino? Elephino.
Well... That’s a deep subject.
Knock knock. Who's there? A broken pencil. A broken pencil who? Never mind. It's pointless.
Why don't eggs tell jokes? Because they would crack each other up.
Why don’t scientists trust stairs? They’re always up to something.
Did you hear about the two silk worms in a race? It ended in a tie.
Hear about the lazy kangaroo? He was a real pouch potato.
Justice is a dish best served cold. If it were warm, it’d just be water.
What is brown and sticky? A stick.
Why don't crabs ever give to charity? Because they're shellfish.
What kind of music do chiropractors listen to? Hip pop.
What kind of music do astronauts listen to? Nep-tunes.
What is Beethoven's favorite fruit? A ba-na-na-na.
I got hit on the head with a can of Coke. Fortunately, it was a soft drink.
Why did the programmer bring a broom to work? To clean up all the bugs.
What did one ocean say to the other ocean? Nothing, they just waved.
I just watched a documentary about beavers. It was the best dam show I ever saw
Two guys walk into a bar, the third one ducks.
My therapist told me to write letters to the people who hurt me the most, and then burn them. OK, but what do I do with the letters?
My wife said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
I’m reading a horror novel in braille. Something bad is about to happen — I can feel it.
Why did the programmer quit their job? Because they didn't get arrays.
Why do scuba divers fall backwards out of the boat? Because if they fell forwards they'd still be in the boat.
Did you hear the rumor about butter Well, I'm not going to spread it!
How do you get a squirrel to like you Act like a nut.
"Dad, can you put the cat out?" "I didn't know it was on fire."
Why did the programmer quit his job? Because he didn't get arrays.
What do you call a Kissan(farmer) stuck in a traffic jam? Kissan Jam!
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie on it.
A programmer puts two glasses on their bedside table before going to sleep. A full one, in case they get thirsty, and an empty one, in case they don’t.
Stop searching for the perfect match. Just use a lighter.
Why was Cinderalla thrown out of the football team? Because she ran away from the ball.
Why do programmers prefer dark chocolate? Because it's bitter like their code.
I couldn't figure out the seat belts in my new car... ...but then it clicked.
How does a train eat? It goes chew, chew
Why did the developer go to therapy? They had too many unresolved issues.
What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto.
Where do fancy cats go to the bathroom? The glitter box.
Why is seven bigger than nine? Because seven ate nine.
What’s the difference between a hippo and a zippo One is extremely big and heavy, and the other is a little lighter.
What do you give to a lemon in need? Lemonaid.
Why did the private classes break up? Because they never saw each other.
Did you hear about the man who cut off his left leg? He’s all right now.
Don't look at the eclipse through a colander. You'll strain your eyes.
Did you hear about the world's greatest watch thief? He stole all the time.
How do celebrities stay cool? They have a lot of fans.
Mom: "How do I look?" Dad: "With your eyes"
I made a pencil with two erasers. It was pointless.
I used to really hate facial hair. Then one day, it grew on me.
What do you call a dog that does magic tricks? A labracadabrador.
Kid: "Dad, make me a sandwich!" Dad: "Poof, you're a sandwich!"
I have kleptomania when it gets bad, I take something for it.
My wife asked me to sync her phone, so I threw it in the ocean.
Why don't programmers like nature? Too many bugs.
Want to hear a joke about construction? I'm still working on it.
What did the husband say to his wife right after LASIK? Aren’t you a sight for sore eyes.
I used to be addicted to soap. I’m clean now.
Did you hear about the two satellites that got married? The wedding wasn't much, but the reception was incredible.
Why did the programmer bring a ladder to work? They heard the code needed to be debugged from a higher level.
What do you call a singing Laptop A Dell
Why did Shakespeare’s wife leave him She got sick of all the drama.
It hurts to say this, but I have a sore throat.
How do you organize an outer space party? You planet
I couldn't get a reservation at the library... They were fully booked.
What did one wall say to the other? Meet you at the corner.
I was interrogated over the theft of a cheese toastie. Man, they really grilled me.
What did one plate say to the other? Tonight, dinner’s on me.
What do you call a lazy kangaroo? A pouch potato.
What do you call a deer with no eyes No idea!
Why was the basketball court all wet? People kept dribbling all over it.
Mom: "I'm going to jump in the shower" Dad: "It's probably safer if you just stand"
What's the best part about TCP jokes? I get to keep telling them until you get them.
Why did the invisible man turn down the job offer? He couldn’t see himself doing it.
What does an angry pepper do? It gets jalapeño your face.
How do you make a Kleenex dance Put a little boogie in it!
What do you call a snowman having a tantrum? A meltdown.
What does a pirate pay for their corn? A buccaneer!
Just watched a documentary about beavers… It was the best dam program I’ve ever seen.
Did you see they made round bales of hay illegal in Wisconsin? It’s because the cows weren’t getting a square meal.
Told my wife she was drawing her eyebrows on a bit too high. She looked surprised.
Why did the scarecrow get a promotion? He was outstanding in his field.
What do you call Santa’s little helpers Subordinate clauses.
This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in there.
What's red and smells like paint? Red paint.
Why couldn’t the pony sing? She was a little hoarse.
Sore throats are a real pain in the neck.
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.
CASHIER "Would you like the milk in a bag, sir " DAD "No, just leave it in the carton!’”
How good are you at Power Point? I Excel at it.
How does the moon cut its hair? Eclipse it.
A rancher asked me to help round up his 18 cows. I said sure, that’ll be 20 cows.
Why did the kid throw the watch out the window? So time would fly.
I don’t trust those trees over there. They look kind of shady.
Why did the programmer go broke? He used up all his cache
Due to complaints, Hawaii passed a law where you're not allowed to laugh above a certain decibel. You can only use a low ha.
Dogs can’t operate MRI machines. But catscan.
What do you call sad coffee? Despresso.
There are 10 types of people in this world... Those who understand binary and those who don't
I used to work at a soft drink can crushing company it was soda pressing.
What is the only concert in the world that costs 45 cents? 50 Cent, featuring Nickelback.
Why did the mushroom get invited to the party? Because he was a fungi.
What time did you go to the dentist yesterday Tooth-hurty.
Why did the math book look so sad? Because of all its problems!
Why don’t you ever see elephants hiding in trees? Because they’re really good at it.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity... It's impossible to put down
If you see a robbery at an Apple Store, what are you? An iWitness.
What did the zero say to the eight? Nice belt.
What do you call a laughing motorcycle? A Yamahahahaha.
Did you know corduroy pillows are back in style? They’re making headlines.
What's big and hairy and wears a bow tie? Bigfoot at a fancy party.
What kind of music do welders like? Heavy metal.
What's the difference between the moon and a cheeseburger? The moon is in the sky, a cheeseburger is in THIS guy. (Points to belly)
Why did the programmer always mix up Halloween and Christmas? Because Oct 31 equals Dec 25.
Why did the programmer go to art school? He wanted to learn how to code outside the box.
Why did the programmer quit their job? They didn't get arrays.
What do you call a cheese that isn’t yours? Nacho cheese!
You're American when you go into the bathroom, and you're American when you come out, but do you know what you are while you're in there? European.
Hear about the guy that got fired from the calendar factory? He took too many days off.
What do you call a suspicious looking laptop? Asus
Why can't bicycles stand on their own? They are two tired
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? In case he got a hole in one.
I’d tell you a UDP joke, but you might not get it.
What do you call two octopuses that look identical? Itenticle.
The past, the present, and the future walked into a bar. It was tense.
Why are football stadiums so cool? Because every seat has a fan in it.
Why did the butcher work extra hours at the shop? To make ends meat.
Why was the rookie cop assigned to track down the cannibal? The more seasoned officers had already been eaten.
Why did the developer quit his job? Because he didn't get arrays.
Cooking out this weekend? Don’t forget the pickle. It’s kind of a big dill.
What's the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know, but their flag is a big plus.
Did you hear the story about the cheese that saved the world? It was legend dairy.
3 SQL statements walk into a NoSQL bar. Soon, they walk out They couldn't find a table.
Why did the cookie cry? Because its mother was a wafer so long
If you put a million monkeys at a million keyboards, one of them will eventually write a Java program the rest of them will write Perl
How do you comfort a designer? You give them some space... between the elements.
There are 10 kinds of people in this world. Those who understand binary, those who don't, and those who weren't expecting a base 3 joke.
I've never gone to a gun range before. I decided to give it a shot!
An IPv6 packet is walking out of the house. He goes nowhere.
I never buy anything that has Velcro with it it’s a total rip-off.
Knock knock. Who's there? Opportunity. That is impossible. Opportunity doesn’t come knocking twice!
Why did the coach go to the bank? To get his quarter back.
Want to hear a construction joke Sorry, I’m still working on it.
What did the air conditioner say when it met a celebrity? I’m a big fan.
Did you hear the rumor about butter? Never mind — I shouldn’t spread it.
What is the most used language in programming? Profanity.
Have you heard the pizza joke that's going around the internet? It's a little cheesy.
Want to hear my paper joke? Never mind, it's tearable.
If you're American when you go into the bathroom, and American when you come out, what are you when you're in there? European
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in its field.
I bought the world’s worst thesaurus yesterday. Not only is it terrible, it’s also terrible.
Why do fathers take an extra pair of socks when they go golfing? In case they get a hole in one!
What's the best time to go to the dentist? Tooth hurty.
I got hit in the head by a soda can, but it didn't hurt that much... It was a soft drink.
Where did Captain Hook get his hook From the second-hand store.
Wife says I never listen — or something like that.
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom Because the pee is silent.
Two goldfish are in a tank. One turns to the other and asks, “Any idea how to drive this thing?”
Can I watch the TV? Yes, but don’t turn it on.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's fine, he woke up.
How do you make a tissue dance? Put a little boogie in it.
I tried to catch some fog earlier. I mist.
Why do optimists have to wear sunglasses? Because they're always looking on the bright side.
How many apples grow on an apple tree? All of them.
What’s red and smells like blue paint? Red paint.
Hear about the guy that stayed up all night wondering where the sun had gone? It finally dawned on him.
What did one pirate say to the other when he beat him at chess? Checkmatey.
Inflation is really getting out of hand — but that’s just my five cents.
What does C.S. Lewis keep at the back of his wardrobe? Narnia business!
How do you generate a random string? Put a Windows user in front of Vim and tell them to exit.
How do celebrities stay cool? They have many fans
While I was sleeping my friends decided to write math equations on me. You should have seen the expression on my face when I woke up.
I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don’t know what he laced them with, but I’ve been tripping all day.
Why did the bicycle fall over? It was two-tired.
What's a computer's favorite snack? Microchips.
Why did the chicken cross the playground? To get to the other slide.
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food. No atmosphere.
I know plenty of jokes about retired people. None of them work.
What do you call two monkeys sharing one Amazon account? Prime mates.
I told my doctor I keep hearing buzzing. He said it’s probably just a bug going around.
What is a centipede's favorite Beatles song? I want to hold your hand, hand, hand, hand...
Finally realized why my plant sits around doing nothing all day... He loves his pot.
February can't March. But April May!
What do you call a belt made entirely of watches? A waist of time.
Why did the golfer wear two pairs of pants? In case he got a hole in one.
I lost my job at the bank on day one. A woman asked me to check her balance, so I pushed her over.
I used to think I was indecisive, but now I'm not too sure.
What did the router say to the doctor? It hurts when IP.
A furniture store keeps calling me. All I wanted was one night stand.
What's the best way to watch a fly fishing tournament Live stream.
Why do Java programmers wear glasses? Because they don't C#
Don’t trust atoms. They make up literally everything.
When a dad drives past a graveyard: Did you know that's a popular cemetery? Yep, people are just dying to get in there
Why did the math book look so sad? Too many problems.
The punchline often arrives before the set-up. Do you know the problem with UDP jokes?
Why did the golf course hire the dermatologist? It needed to have some moles removed.
I tried to write a joke about boxing. I think I missed the punchline.
What do ghosts call their true love? Their ghoul-friend
Why was the designer always cold? Because they always used too much ice-olation.
A SQL query walks into a bar, walks up to two tables and asks... 'Can I join you?'
Why don't programmers like nature? There's too many bugs.
Hey, wanna hear a joke? Parsing HTML with regex.
Want to hear a joke about a piece of paper? Never mind...it's tearable
What did the janitor yell when he jumped out of the closet? Supplies!
A man went to the doctor. He had a cucumber in one ear. A hot dog in the other ear. And two carrots stuck up his nose. He asked the doctor what was wrong with him and the doctor said: "I don't think you're eating properly."
Dad, can you put my shoes on? No, I don't think they'll fit me.
Did you hear about the circus fire? It was in tents.
What did the police officer say to his bellybutton? You’re under a vest.
A grocery store cashier asked if I would like my milk in a bag. I told her 'No, thanks. The carton works fine.'
What does the mermaid wear to math class? Algae-bra.
Wanna hear a joke about paper Never mind—it's tearable.
I’m reading a book about anti-gravity. Honestly? Can’t put it down.
I was gonna tell you a joke about UDP... ...but you might not get it.
Why did the developer break up with their keyboard? It just wasn't their type anymore.
What did the buffalo say when his son left for college? Bison.
The fattest knight at King Arthur's round table was Sir Cumference. He acquired his size from too much pi.
Why would a guitarist become a good programmer? He's adept at riffing in C#.
Why did the math book look sad? Because it had too many problems.
Why do programmers always get Christmas and Halloween mixed up? Because DEC 25 = OCT 31
How do you make the number one disappear? Add the letter G and it’s “gone”!
I have a joke about chemistry, but I doubt it’ll get a reaction.
What do you call a belt made out of watches? A waist of time.
What do you call a factory that only makes okay products? A satisfactory.
What did the drummer name his twin daughters? Anna One, Anna Two.
What do you get from a pampered cow Spoiled milk.
I have a chicken-proof lawn. It’s impeccable.
I just watched a documentary about beavers. It was the best dam show I've ever seen.
Did you hear about the crime in the parking garage? It was wrong on so many levels.
What did the pirate say on their 80th birthday? Aye Matey!
My dad got fired as a road worker for stealing. I refused to believe he could do such a thing — but when I got home, the signs were all there.
Why did the snake go to the doctor? Because he had a frog in his throat.
Who was the fattest knight at King Arthur’s round table? Sir Cumference.
I just got fired from my job at the keyboard factory. They told me I wasn't putting in enough shifts.
What happens to a frog's car when it breaks down? It gets toad away
Why did the carpenter leave the lumber store? Because he got bored.
I can’t believe I got fired from the calendar factory. All I did was take a day off.
I was going to tell you a fighting joke but I forgot the punch line.
Want to hear a joke about going to the bathroom Urine for a treat.
Hear about the guy that wanted to buy a pair of camouflage pants? He couldn't find them anywhere.
Why couldn't the bike stand up by itself? It was two tired.
When two vegans get into an argument, is it still beef?
My dog swallowed a handful of Scrabble tiles. I think this could spell disaster.
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of a computer The space bar.
I’m so good at sleeping I can do it with my eyes closed.
What did the fish say when it hit the wall? Dam.
Two guys walked into a bar. The third guy ducked.
did you know the first French fries weren't cooked in France? they were cooked in Greece
Why do C# and Java developers keep breaking their keyboards? Because they use a strongly typed language.
What's the object-oriented way to become wealthy? Inheritance
Where do young trees go to school? Elementree.
What's more amazing than a talking dog? A spelling bee.
What do you call a hot dog on wheels? Fast food.
Why did the ghost buy a box of bandages? Because he had so many BOO BOOs.
Why did the programmer's wife leave him? He didn't know how to commit.
I would avoid the sushi if I was you. It's a little fishy.
Why was the developer always calm? Because they knew how to handle exceptions.
What do you call a factory that sells passable products? A satisfactory
What do you call a cow with two legs? Lean beef. If the cow has no legs, then it's ground beef.
Cashier: "Would you like me to put the milk in a bag, sir?" Dad: "No, just leave it in the carton!"
Why did the developer go broke? They kept spending all their cache.
What did the French chef get his wife for Valentine’s Day? A hug and a quiche.
What do you call a computer mouse that swears a lot? A cursor!
I’ve started a band called 1023 MB. We still haven’t got a gig.
If you see a robbery at an Apple Store, does that make you an iWitness?
Knock-knock. A race condition. Who is there?
How many React developers does it take to change a lightbulb? None, they prefer dark mode.
Why did the astronaut move to the suburbs? He wanted more space.
Which bear is the most condescending? A pan-duh.
If athletes get athlete’s foot, what do astronauts get? Missile toe.
Where do boats go when they’re sick? The boat doc.
I used to play piano by ear. These days I use my hands.
Why are “Dad Jokes” so good? Because the punchline is apparent.
I tell dad jokes but I’m not actually a dad. So I guess I’m a faux pa.
Why did the rooster cross the road? He heard that the chickens at KFC were pretty hot.
I’m really good at chess. I just can’t play it.
Why did the burglar hang their mugshot on the wall? To prove that they were framed!
Did you hear they finally arrested the devil? They got him on possession.
What did the duck say when he bought lipstick? Put it on my bill
What's Forrest Gump's password? 1Forrest1
Why did the pizza cutter get a speeding ticket? Because he was rounding the corner too fast.
How many programmers does it take to change a lightbulb? None that's a hardware problem
Why was the JavaScript developer sad? He didn't know how to null his feelings.
What do you call a fish in a bowtie? Sofishticated.
I’ve got a few jokes about umbrellas, but they tend to go over people’s heads.
How do you check if a webpage is HTML5? Try it out on Internet Explorer
Spring is here — I got so excited I wet my plants.
How many lips does a flower have? Tulips
Why did the cow in the pasture get promoted at work Because he is OUT-STANDING in his field!
If I asked you to choose your favorite feature, would you... ...pick your nose?
Have you heard about the sale at the Optimist Store? Everything's 50% on.
What goes after USA? USB.
Why are spiders such good developers? They’re comfortable on the web.
I named my dogs Rolex and Timex. They’re my watchdogs.
What do you call a fish with two knees? A "two-knee" fish.
I saw a nice stereo on Craigslist for $1. Seller says the volume is stuck on ‘high’ I couldn’t turn it down.
How do lawyers say goodbye Sue ya later!
Why was the font always tired? It was always bold.
I dropped a pear in my car this morning. You should drop another one, then you would have a pair.
Why did the programmer always carry a pencil? They preferred to write in C#.
What does a zombie vegetarian eat? "GRRRAAAAAIIIINNNNS!"
What do you call a bee that can't make up its mind? A maybe.
Two cowboys are lost in the desert. One spots a tree draped in bacon. “A bacon tree! We’re saved!” he yells, sprinting over — only to be cut down by gunfire. Turns out it wasn’t a bacon tree. It was a hambush.
What did the fish say when it swam into a wall? Dam!
A brain walked into a bar. The bartender said, “Sorry, you’re out of your head.”
Do you know what the word 'was' was initially? Before was was was was was is.
I’m on a seafood diet. I see food, and then I eat it.
Two goldfish are in a tank. One says to the other, "do you know how to drive this thing?"
How did the hipster burn the roof of their mouth? They ate the pizza before it was cool.
A programmer puts two glasses on his bedside table before going to sleep. A full one, in case he gets thirsty, and an empty one, in case he doesn’t.
People don't like having to bend over to get their drinks. We really need to raise the bar.
I can't tell if i like this blender... It keeps giving me mixed results.
What’s more unbelievable than a talking dog? A spelling bee.
If you want to get a job at the moisturizer factory you’re going to have to apply daily.
Which song would an exception sing? Can't catch me - Avicii
You see, mountains aren't just funny. They are hill areas.
Why don't oysters give to charity? Because they're shellfish.
Knock knock. Who's there? Little old lady. Little old lady who? I didn't know you could yodel!
If you boil a clown... Do you get a laughing stock?
Why don't React developers like nature? They prefer the virtual DOM.
What did the spaghetti say to the other spaghetti? Pasta la vista, baby!
5/4 of people admit that they're bad with fractions.
Why are elevator jokes so good? They work on so many levels.
Did I tell you the time I fell in love during a backflip? I was heels over head.
What do you call cheese that's not yours? Nacho cheese.
My wife asked me to grab six cans of Sprite from the shop. I got home and realized I’d picked 7-up.
Sundays are always a little sad. Yesterday, on the other hand, was a sad-er-day.
What do you call a thieving alligator? A crookodile!
Did you hear about the hungry clock? It went back four seconds.
What do you call a lonely cheese? Provolone.
Why don’t skeletons fight each other? They don’t have the guts.
Why did the cookie go to the doctor? Because it was feeling crumbly.
You heard of that new band 1023MB They're good but they haven't got a gig yet.
A termite walks into a bar and says... 'Where is the bar tended?'
Did you hear that they invented a new type broom? It's sweeping the nation.
What kind of shoes does a thief wear? Sneakers
